Challenge Description:

Thanks for joining the help desk! Here is your first ticket of the day; can you help the client out? 

NOTE, this challenge uses a non-standard flag format. Enter the human-readable name of the location.

File: ran_somewhere.eml



Email: Opening the .eml presents an email with three attachments and the following message:

Help Me IT!! My USB was stolen! I was headed into town for some work and stopped by a clients coffee shop to get work done. Everything was fine; I was working and drinking coffee. I got up to use the restroom; when I returned, I saw that my computer had been tampered with! All my work was closed out, and my flash drive with my projects was gone! I cannot lose this; there was very important work on it! I thought the security tools you put in place would stop something like this!!
When I was looking at the desktop, I noticed three new files that were not there before. I opened one to see if they were my files, but they are a jumbled mess. I cannot make any sense of it. I think it is that "ran somewhere" that your team keeps warning us about. I still do not know what it is, but please reverse this and get my USB back. I cannot believe this happened!
I am attaching those files so you can fix them. 

-Mack Eroni
 President



Attached Text File: Hex Encoded. Decoding the message we get:
Hey There! You should be more careful next time and not leave your computer unlocked and unattended! You never know what might happen. Well in this case, you lost your flash drive. Do not worry, I will keep it safe and sound. Actually you could say it is now 'fortified'. You can come retrieve it, but you got to find it. I left a couple of files that should help.

- Vigil Ante


Two attached .dat files
Opening in the notepad, we can see JFIF at the top of the file, meaning these are in fact .jpeg files. Changing the extensions to .jpeg we get two images.

Solution: Using reverseimagesearch.com gives several options for reverse image searches. Google didn’t turn up much, but using Lenso.ai, I was able to find the second image and the location, Reckord Armory.

Flag: Reckord Armory

